Welcome back.
In this section, I want to tackle the problem that we have, especially when we're starting out.
That is, how do I create a layout of a website?
And it's probably the hardest thing to learn when you're starting off.
How do you create something, let's say, like this, that is responsive that we see all across the
Web, a navigation bar, a header, some grids, a footer down here?
And how do we really make it responsive?
In this section, we're going to build an ideal web page layout so that moving forward you have the
baseline and foundation to go off and customize and build whatever sites you want that are responsive
without spending a lot of time, trial and error, trying different things with CSS, hoping that it
works.
So I'm going to show you my recommended way of laying out web pages that is responsive and have that
template available to you moving forward.
We're also going to learn about a new feature in CSIS called CSIS Grid, which is really, really powerful
and as you'll learn.
Allows us to use this CSS grid combined with Flexbox to honestly not even need things like Bootstrap
four or other libraries that are allow you to do grids back into the day.
It was really, really hard to do layout in CSS, but with tools like CSS, Grid and Flexbox, you now
have the abilities to really build beautiful responsive layouts really, really fast.
So let's get started.
I'll see you in the next video.